# FootBallStats
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I designed this program for tracking the statistics of football players. Initially I had the stats saved in a .txt file and editing was a hassle with notepad. This program takes the .txt file and places the players and their stats in members of a struct named footBallPlayers. Using this program enables a user to easily access and edit the stats of any player they wish to keep track of and save the changes back to the .txt file.</p>  
<p>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Once the file has been read and all values are stored the user is prompted with a menu for instructions. This menu allows the user to chose from six actions. The first "allStats" displays all players' stats, the second "searchList" displays a particular player's stats, the third "searchByPos" displays players by position, the fourth "addStats" enables editing a player's stats, the fifth "editList" allows editing a player's position as well as stats, The sixth and final option is to exit. The fourth "addStats" allows the user to add a player's stats as the season progresses wihtout worrying about accidentedly changing the player's position. The fifth  "editList" is necessary in case a player changes positions during the season the user can edit the position and add new stats from that week in one process rather than having to do it seperately. The menu function is recursive which saved lines and time. Once the user makes a selection of what they wish to do, the selected function executes then calls the menu function again. This implementation of recurisve funtionality prevents the user from being limited to one choice in an efficient manner. Upon deciding to exit the user is prompted to save the changes to the .txt file or exit without saving.</p> 
 
